---
title: Refund Policy
metatitle: 'Refund Policy and Procedure | BetterPic'
description: 'Refund Policy for BetterPic. This policy outlines the circumstances under which customers can request a refund. This policy applies to our web page and web application.'
category: Legal Document
updated: 2023-09-05
---
**About BetterPic:** BetterPic is a digital service operated and managed by Recedo Group LLC-FZ ("Recedo Group"). For the purposes of this Policy, references to "BetterPic" shall pertain to the digital service provided by Recedo Group LLC-FZ. All matters related to BetterPic, including this Refund Policy, are governed by the laws of Dubai.

## Introduction
Welcome to **BetterPic (“Company”, “we”, “our”, “us”)**! We are committed to providing a fair refund policy to our customers. This Refund Policy, governed by the previous Terms of Service, outlines the circumstances in which refunds can be made.

This Refund Policy is expressly designed to accommodate the distinctive characteristics of the digital goods and services provided by BetterPic, including but not limited to AI-generated headshots ("Digital Goods"). It acknowledges the inherent differences between physical and digital commodities and the implications thereof on traditional return frameworks. Once access to these Digital Goods has been granted or they have been utilized by the consumer, it is understood and agreed that the standard provisions for returns, typically applicable to tangible goods, are not applicable. Consequently, the acquisition of access to or use of such Digital Goods precludes the possibility of invoking traditional return or refund mechanisms, as their digital nature fundamentally alters the conditions and expectations of such transactions.

## Refund Eligibility
Refunds requested within 7 days of purchase are eligible for a full refund if the order process has not been completed and no AI model has been trained. If the order process has begun or an AI model has been trained but you have not downloaded any generated images, a 10% non-refundable withholding fee will be applied to your refund amount. If the user has downloaded any images generated by our trained AI model, you will not be eligible for a refund.

In case of service outages, delays or disruptions, we will strive to fulfill your order as soon as possible. However, if we cannot fulfill your order within a reasonable timeframe, you may be eligible for a refund.

If your refund request pertains to the quality of the results, please first ensure that you complied with the photo requirements that were outlined prior to initiating your order:
- Upload a total of 9-13 chest-up photos and 1-2 half-body images.
- Vary the environment and your facial expressions across the photos.
- Steer clear of wearing glasses or hats, using excessive makeup, or appearing nude in the photos. Avoid repetitive angles and poses.
- Exclude photos where you are not looking at the camera, photos featuring multiple people, or those of poor quality. Avoid strange facial expressions and overly close shots.
- Failure to adhere to these guidelines may affect the outcome and eligibility for a refund.

## Credits and Non-refundable Policy
As part of our commitment to providing a seamless experience, BetterPic offers a Credits system for our PhotoStudio services. These Credits can be used towards AI Edits, Manual Edits, and New Photoshoots within our platform. It is important to note that once purchased, Credits are non-refundable under any circumstances. This includes, but is not limited to, non-use of Credits, dissatisfaction with the services obtained through the use of Credits, or any changes to the services that can be obtained using Credits. We encourage our customers to consider their purchase of Credits carefully, as this decision is final and non-refundable.

In the exceptional case of service-related problems where the issue lies directly with BetterPic's delivery of services, customers are encouraged to contact our support team for assistance. Our dedicated support team is available to help resolve any issues you may encounter, provide guidance, or assist in cases where service disruptions may affect your experience. We are committed to ensuring customer satisfaction and will consider individual circumstances where the service has not met our high standards.

For any concerns, help needed, or issues encountered, please do not hesitate to contact our support team at any time. We are here to ensure your experience with BetterPic is nothing short of exceptional.

## Refund Procedure
Customers eligible for a refund should contact BetterPic's customer support team to submit a refund request. You may need to provide certain information relevant to your Purchase including, without limitation, your full name, payment method and reason for refund. We highly recommend including screenshots to clearly illustrate any issues you've experienced.

All refund requests will be considered and responded to within a reasonable period of time. Where a refund is granted, it will be processed to the same payment method used during the initial transaction.

Please note, purchases made using Credits are not eligible for refunds under any circumstances.

## Time Frame for Processing Refunds
If a refund is granted, the amount will be credited back to the original payment method within 7-10 business days.

## Appeal Process
In the event that your refund request is denied, you have the option to appeal the decision within 7 days by contacting our Customer Support Team for a re-evaluation.

## Updates to This Policy
This Refund Policy is subject to change at BetterPic's sole discretion. Any changes will be updated on this page, with the last modification date clearly displayed.

## Understanding
By availing of our Service or other services provided by us, you acknowledge that you have read this Refund Policy and agree to be bound by it.

This Refund Policy is governed by the United Arab Emirate's law. Any legal disputes arising out of this Refund Policy will be resolved in a court of competent jurisdiction in Dubai.

If you do not agree with our Refund Policy or cannot comply with it, you are advised not to use the Service. Any exception or modification to this Refund Policy will be made at the sole discretion of BetterPic.

## Contact Us
Please send your requests, complaints or any questions:

By email: refunds@betterpic.io.

## Current Terms & Conditions
- [BetterPic Terms & Conditions](/legal/terms-conditions)
